number of tokens          -> 1285 
character count           -> mean : 5.091829	 standard deviation: 2.952000 
number of unique tokens   -> 527 
the most frequent tokens  -> frequency: 56 	 tokens: to 	
tokens with 1 characters  -> [ a a a a a a a a a a a 1 3 2 & & 2 a a - 1 1 1 2 3 2 3 a 7 1 2 3 3 6 1 4 4 2 a a a 7 1 3 5 3 a a 5 1 2 6 5 7 2 4 7 7 a 5 2 4 8 6 6 3 2 9 7 4 5 5 ] 
tokens with 2 characters  -> [ to to no It to do so it is to is is an of of it to in be to in as or As is in of of to it is in in is an in is It is an to in in an of of in of of of to is be on on as to in in to at of in 35 to of of of by in is of in to to We to We to as We We in we to in to we in is We by by we We to of to We to to we of we in of in 82 to us up We us be in We is it We to to to it it it it is 50 to we of in We it to on of of an in we to We to to to to in we to of 83 to is by in it We to is of We to We to to to 80 to We to of We we We to We to it to to to on in of of We in We of to We in as We to of we to in to in be as or to to We be to We to We to 75 ] 
tokens with 3 characters  -> [ for and the and and for and for the The the few The may the are is, the C++ the all and and job not and who the and the use the get for the the The are the on. can the the YOU You and You and how You the for You YOU and own the for and and and and and and you The how and its how use and see how 132 and The the and are the how and new how use and and are and for the are out one the let how let can how the the via how its and has and and how the the and its how use the how get the how the and how how the the the the its how use the the how use and how and how how use the and the how the and use how and see how use are and for 133 but and any are ten and are one and how the are how via and and how and 194 are for can and for and how and and how ] 
tokens with 4 characters  -> [ this This with uses easy very that that that them that such used wide from used this that uses this will with gain will free that this More menu WHAT WILL will such many will data them will with will file WILL GAIN your Earn upon 100% your Akos Mike logo this What will from this WEEK hour WEEK will will with user will will will ways will WEEK unit with work will them them form will add, will that will when more than them same WEEK into more will that many will from well with that will when from when WEEK will many them this will type play role will will from plot will find with help WEEK will most will will make WEEK give will both loop will will will make more will will that easy user WEEK Data Like good bits into data will this will that that type into will much more them will data will time time WEEK File data that used will most will read into text will with ] 
tokens with 5 characters  -> [ About those other solve makes write while solve Java. being solid skill solid eBook based about these found LEARN learn learn about types learn learn about Reset Start learn Level hours Other learn Pages video min), hours learn start learn learn about which help. learn plots min), hours basic which solve means which them. learn parts learn learn there types learn rules order which min), hours break learn learn which learn allow input done. min), hours learn about basis learn learn input print learn min), hours means which makes about order which learn which learn learn write min), hours Loops Loops their learn learn learn loops learn about loops min), hours Types bits, think terms other types data. study those types learn there types there learn about learn learn store min), hours Files named areas input other learn from, write Excel learn among min), ] 
tokens with 6 characters  -> [ MATLAB Course course little system called MATLAB learn, useful MATLAB choice design lines. MATLAB MATLAB Hence, MATLAB course MATLAB course MATLAB course become obtain taking course MATLAB Online charge course right. handle MATLAb SKILLS Matlab online Course MATLAB Greek, rating Tenn., center course Course (Total MATLAB MATLAB MATLAB syntax MATLAB create videos (Total MATLAB define divide appear videos (Total parts. create inside world. define output videos (Total MATLAB useful MATLAB change number random MATLAB random number graphs Figure errors videos (Total MATLAB method error. videos (Total power. works, nested loops. videos (Total humans words, MATLAB types. change cells, points videos (Total memory output MATLAB files. files, files, binary files. MATLAB videos (Total ] 
tokens with 7 characters  -> [ teaches because writing program simple: program written result, variety domains natural through beyond, heavily today’s market. general science general general MATLAB. license course. consult control others. various MATLAB. support working Problem Solving Approx. English Arabic, French, German, Spanish Ledeczi Science Science Courses Courses Offered located private medical courses MATLAB. quizzes matrix. primary extract combine several carried quizzes complex applied outside defined through outside quizzes Toolbox explore inputs. Because numbers Command Window, window. quizzes logical quizzes logical produce quizzes operate numbers strings encoded produce structs quizzes storing methods reading writing create, folders quizzes ] 
tokens with 8 characters  -> [ computer previous language language programs problems numbers. language possible powerful problems complex, programs finance, concepts computer Students complete familiar concepts computer science, concepts Students duration students computer concepts powerful provides Computer Language Flexible Beginner complete Italian, Russian, English, Computer Computer Computer Emeritus Computer Science, Computer Computer Science, Surgery, Sciences research offering graduate degrees. Syllabus complete readings complete provides Finally, reading, complete Matrices problems Finally, MATLAB’s reading, complete problems smaller, reusable software function function reading, complete built-in section. exploits behavior computer Finally, reading, complete executes complete MATLAB's for-loop indexing implicit complete numbers, section. another. numbers. complete MATLAB’s navigate ] 
tokens with 9 characters  -> [ Engineers versatile engineers excellent involving relative, language, sciences, industry. tutorial. resources Resources functions matrices. deadlines deadlines schedule. Shareable instantly schedule. Engineers Professor Professor Radiology Radiology ourselves Operators matrices, operators matrices, matrices. operators subtract, multiply, matrices, different division. operators Functions Functions functions different programs. separated interface initiates execution functions important keyboard, debugger. Selection Selection decisions important operators functions functions resistant readings, computers efficient readings, Computers language, organizes functions readings, permanent programs. important commands. readings, ] 
tokens with 10 characters  -> [ Scientists relatively relatively equivalent background illustrate foundation encouraged variables, accordance completion Scientists Subtitles: Portuguese Instructor Electrical Department Electrical Electrical Electrical Vanderbilt University Vanderbilt University Vanderbilt Nashville, university full-range interface. semantics. manipulate manageable components function's generator. selection. relational operators. efficient. convenient conversion characters durations. introduced MAT-files, ] 
tokens with 11 characters  -> [ Programming programming experience. programming disciplines programming information fundamental programming structures, Programming Programming Certificate Certificate Programming (European), Vietnamese, Instructors Engineering Engineering Fitzpatrick Engineering University, Environment familiarize calculator. determining expression. environment programming statements. polymorphic constructs: while-loop. understand. collections ] 
tokens with 12 characters  -> [ manipulation engineering, introductory programming. successfully programming, Engineering, Engineering, Engineering, Neurological Radiological professional manipulating communicates Programmer's polymorphism programming, Input/Output ] 
tokens with 13 characters  -> [ moderate-size indispensable Nevertheless, understanding input/output. Neurosurgery, sophisticated if-statement, heterogeneous ] 
tokens with 14 characters  -> [ Specialization professionals. Specialization undergraduate, Specialization multiplication ] 
tokens with 15 characters  -> [ special-purpose general-purpose break-statement ] 
